docs: Add developer doc on API design and API changes. (#39235)
zulip/zulip: docs/subsystems/api-design.md

the official mobile app and terminal app, and
numerous third-party integrations, bots, and tools
written by many different Zulip users.

Many new Zulip features involve making changes to the API.
Because the Zulip API is so widely used, it's important that we
do a good job of those changes, in several respects:

* All API changes must be *compatible*, meaning they
  don't cause existing Zulip clients
  (e.g., existing installs of the Zulip mobile app)
  to break.

* All API changes should be *clean APIs*, meaning
  the new API features have crisp meanings,
  will support clients implementing the feature in a natural way,
  and have clear names that point accurately to the meanings.

* All API changes should be *clearly documented*
  and follow our [API documentation conventions][api-docs-doc].

The last point is covered in [its own document][api-docs-doc].
This document describes how we accomplish the other two:
compatible API changes, and clean APIs.

[api-docs-doc]: ../documentation/api.md
[api-docs]: https://zulip.com/api/
[#api design]: https://chat.zulip.org/#narrow/channel/378-api-design

<div id="process-summary" />

> ## API change process, in short

Author: Looks like a tool we use for checking for broken links doesn't recognize this div as a target:
```
/__w/zulip/zulip/docs/subsystems/api-design.md:320: WARNING: 'myst' cross-reference target not found: 'process-summary' [myst.xref_missing]
```

Is there another way to give a stable alias for a section heading? If not, the fallback is to have the reference below just say `#api-change-process-in-short`. (And I guess the fact that we *have* a broken-links checker will mitigate some of the problems with that.)

Reviewer: Yeah, having the reference be the current section heading (`#api-change-process-in-short`) would be generally what we do in these docs.

Were you thinking the stable alias for linking to this section from external docs?

For some kinds of API changes this is easy.
For others it takes more work.

### Changes that are automatically compatible

Some API changes are automatically compatible
with no further effort.

A first question for any API change is to determine
whether this happy circumstance applies,
because it saves us from needing to do the
API compatibility work described in the next section.

Some of the principles that maintainers will use
in determining if a change is automatically compatible are:

* Adding new endpoints, or new parameters on an endpoint,
  is always compatible because existing clients
  won't interact with these.

  * This is true only so long as the meaning of existing requests
    doesn't change, though.
    For example, if a new parameter has a default
    which is different from the endpoint's old behavior,
    then that's a change in the meaning of the endpoint
    when the new parameter isn't sent,
    and therefore may not be compatible.

* Adding new fields to an endpoint's response,
  or a JSON object nested inside a response,
  is always compatible.
  A correct Zulip client already ignores any field it doesn't expect.

>   * Conversely, this means that if an existing piece of API
>     starts including items it previously didn't,
>     that change is *not* automatically compatible,
>     even if the new items have some new field to distinguish them —
>     because existing clients will ignore that field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Conversely, this means that if an existing piece of API
    starts including data objects it previously didn't,
    that change is *not* automatically compatible,
    even if the new objects have some new field to distinguish them —
    because existing clients will ignore that field.
```

? To head off reading "items" as "fields", e.g. adding a new "realm_foo" field to the initial snapshot.

Reviewer 3: Applied a version of this.
